XSUP-36437/FireEyeAXSeries (#34188)
demisto/content: Packs/fireeye/ReleaseNotes/1_0_18.md

#### Integrations

##### FireEye (AX Series)

> - Fixed an issue where the ***fe-submit-result*** command failed with not informative error. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***fe-submit-result*** command failed with an uninformative error.
```
